#summary Graphics Macro Include File
#labels macro

= Introduction =

GRAPHICS.TCB includes commands and functions for pixel level graphics.

= Usage =

`INCLUDE "GRAPHICS"

= Commands =

*BOX* draws a box with one corner at the first column and row and the opposite corner and row.

Example: `BOX X0,Y0,X1,Y1`

*CLEAR* Clears the graphics screen. The background color should be set before clearing the screen.

Example `CLEAR`

*COLORS* sets the foreground, border, and background color, respectively. 

Example: `COLORS #WHITE, #BLACK, #BLUE`

*GRAPHICS* Sets screen to graphics mode. This should be executed before any other graphics commands.

Example: `GRAPHICS`

*LINE* draws a line from one column and row to another.

Example: `LINE X0,Y0,X1,Y1`

*PLOT* sets the pixel at the designated column and row to the foreground color).

Example: `PLOT X,Y`

*UNBOX* erases box with one corner at the first column and row and the opposite corner and row.

Example: `UNBOX X0,Y0,X1,Y1`

*UNLINE* erases a line from one column and row to another.

Example: `UNLINE X0,Y0,X1,Y1`

*UNPLOT* sets the pixel at the designated column and row to the background color).

Example: `UNPLOT X,Y`

= Functions =

*HEIGHT()* returns the height of the graphics screen in pixels. Any arguments are ignored.

Example: `LET H = HEIGHT()`

*POINT()* checks the pixel at the specified column and row, returning zero if it is set to the background color, or a non-zero value if it is not.

*WIDTH()* returns the width of the graphics screen in pixels. Any arguments are ignored.

Example: `LET W = WIDTH()`

= Constants =

*#BLACK* Byte value for the color Black.

*#WHITE* Byte value for the color White.

*#RED* Byte value for the color Red.

*#CYAN* Byte value for the color Cyan.

*#MAGENTA* Byte value for the color Magenta.

*#GREEN* Byte value for the color Green.

*#BLUE* Byte value for the color Blue.

*#YELLOW* Byte value for the color Yellow.